README.md, before:

# react-native-maps

React Native Map components for iOS + Android

## Installation

See [Installation Instructions](docs/installation.md).

## General Usage

```js
import MapView from 'react-native-maps';
```
or

```js
var MapView = require('react-native-maps');
```

This MapView component is built so that features on the map (such as Markers, Polygons, etc.) are
specified as children of the MapView itself. This provides an intuitive and react-like API for
declaratively controlling features on the map.

### Rendering a Map with an initial region

```jsx
  <MapView 
    initialRegion={{
      latitude: 37.78825,
      longitude: -122.4324,
      latitudeDelta: 0.0922,
      longitudeDelta: 0.0421,
    }}
  />
```

### Using a MapView while controlling the region as state

```jsx
getInitialState() {
  return {
    latitude: 37.78825,
    longitude: -122.4324,
    latitudeDelta: 0.0922,
    longitudeDelta: 0.0421,
  };
}

onRegionChange(region) {
  this.setState({ region });
}

render() {
  return (
    <MapView 
      region={this.state.region}
      onRegionChange={this.onRegionChange}
    />
  );
}
```

### Rendering a list of markers on a map

```jsx
<MapView 
  region={this.state.region}
  onRegionChange={this.onRegionChange}
>
  {this.state.markers.map(marker => (
    <MapView.Marker 
      coordinate={marker.latlng}
      title={marker.title}
      description={marker.description}
    />
  ))}
</MapView>
```

### Rendering a Marker with a custom view

```jsx
<MapView.Marker coordinate={marker.latlng}>
  <MyCustomMarkerView {...marker} />
</MapView.Marker>
```

### Rendering a Marker with a custom image

```jsx
<MapView.Marker 
  coordinate={marker.latlng}
  image={require('../assets/pin.png')}
/>
```

### Rendering a custom Marker with a custom Callout

```jsx
<MapView.Marker coordinate={marker.latlng}>
  <MyCustomMarkerView {...marker} />
  <MapView.Callout>
    <MyCustomCalloutView {...marker} />
  </MapView.Callout>
</MapView.Marker>
```

### Draggable Markers

```jsx
<MapView initialRegion={...}>
  <MapView.Marker draggable
    coordinate={this.state.x}
    onDragEnd={(e) => this.setState({ x: e.nativeEvent.coordinate })}
  />
</MapView>
```


## Examples

### MapView Events

The `<MapView />` component and its child components have several events that you can subscribe to.
This example displays some of them in a log as a demonstration.

![](http://i.giphy.com/3o6UBpncYQASu2WTW8.gif) ![](http://i.giphy.com/xT77YdviLqtjaecRYA.gif)



### Tracking Region / Location

![](http://i.giphy.com/3o6UBoPSLlIKQ2dv7q.gif) ![](http://i.giphy.com/xT77XWjqECvdgjx9oA.gif)




### Programmatically Changing Region

One can change the mapview's position using refs and component methods, or by passing in an updated 
`region` prop.  The component methods will allow one to animate to a given position like the native 
API could.

![](http://i.giphy.com/3o6UB7poyB6YJ0KPWU.gif) ![](http://i.giphy.com/xT77Yc4wK3pzZusEbm.gif)



### Arbitrary React Views as Markers

![](http://i.giphy.com/3o6UBcsCLoLQtksJxe.gif) ![](http://i.giphy.com/3o6UB1qGEM9jYni3KM.gif)



### Using the MapView with the Animated API

The `<MapView />` component can be made to work with the Animated API, having the entire `region` prop
be declared as an animated value. This allows one to animate the zoom and position of the MapView along
with other gestures, giving a nice feel.

Further, Marker views can use the animated API to enhance the effect.

![](http://i.giphy.com/xT77XMw9IwS6QAv0nC.gif) ![](http://i.giphy.com/3o6UBdGQdM1GmVoIdq.gif)

Issue: Since android needs to render its marker views as a bitmap, the animations APIs may not be 
compatible with the Marker views. Not sure if this can be worked around yet or not.

Markers' coordinates can also be animated, as shown in this example:

![](http://i.giphy.com/xTcnTelp1OwGPu1Wh2.gif) ![](http://i.giphy.com/xTcnT6WVpwlCiQnFW8.gif)



### Polygon Creator

![](http://i.giphy.com/3o6UAZWqQBkOzs8HE4.gif) ![](http://i.giphy.com/xT77XVBRErNZl3zyWQ.gif)



### Other Overlays

So far, `<Circle />`, `<Polygon />`, and `<Polyline />` are available to pass in as children to the
`<MapView />` component.

![](http://i.giphy.com/xT77XZCH8JpEhzVcNG.gif) ![](http://i.giphy.com/xT77XZyA0aYeOX5jsA.gif)



### Default Markers

Default markers will be rendered unless a custom marker is specified. One can optionally adjust the
color of the default marker by using the `pinColor` prop.

![](http://i.giphy.com/xT77Y0pWKmUUnguHK0.gif) ![](http://i.giphy.com/3o6UBfk3I58VIwZjVe.gif)



### Custom Callouts

Callouts to markers can be completely arbitrary react views, similar to markers.  As a result, they 
can be interacted with like any other view.

Additionally, you can fall back to the standard behavior of just having a title/description through
the `<Marker />`'s `title` and `description` props.

Custom callout views can be the entire tooltip bubble, or just the content inside of the system
default bubble.

![](http://i.giphy.com/xT77XNePGnMIIDpbnq.gif) ![](http://i.giphy.com/xT77YdU0HXryvoRqaQ.gif)



### Image-based Markers

Markers can be customized by just using images, and specified using the `image` prop.

![](http://i.imgur.com/mzrOjTR.png)



### Draggable Markers

Markers are draggable, and emit continuous drag events to update other UI during drags.

![](http://i.giphy.com/l2JImnZxdv1WbpQfC.gif) ![](http://i.giphy.com/l2JIhv4Jx6Ugx1EGI.gif)


## Component API

[`<MapView />` Component API](docs/mapview.md)

[`<MapView.Marker />` Component API](docs/marker.md)

[`<MapView.Callout />` Component API](docs/callout.md)

[`<MapView.Polygon />` Component API](docs/polygon.md)

[`<MapView.Polyline />` Component API](docs/polyline.md)

[`<MapView.Circle />` Component API](docs/circle.md)



## Using with the Animated API

The API of this Map has been built with the intention of it being able to utilize the [Animated API](https://facebook.github.io/react-native/docs/animated.html).

In order to get this to work, you will need to modify the `AnimatedImplementation.js` file in the
source of react-native with [this one](https://gist.github.com/lelandrichardson/c0d938e02301f9294465).

Ideally this will be possible in the near future without this modification.

### Animated Region

The MapView can accept an `Animated.Region` value as its `region` prop. This allows you to utilize
the Animated API to control the map's center and zoom.

```jsx
getInitialState() {
  return {
    region: new Animated.Region({
      latitude: LATITUDE,
      longitude: LONGITUDE,
      latitudeDelta: LATITUDE_DELTA,
      longitudeDelta: LONGITUDE_DELTA,
    }),
  };
}

onRegionChange(region) {
  this.state.region.setValue(region);
}

render() {
  return (
    <MapView.Animated
      region={this.state.region}
      onRegionChange={this.onRegionChange}
    />
  );
}
```

### Animated Marker Position

Markers can also accept an `Animated.Region` value as a coordinate.

```jsx
getInitialState() {
  return {
    coordinate: new Animated.Region({
      latitude: LATITUDE,
      longitude: LONGITUDE,
    }),
  };
}

render() {
  return (
    <MapView initialRegion={...}>
      <MapView.Marker.Animated coordinate={this.state.coordinate} />
    </MapView>
  );
}
```

Commit message:

Update Readme to indicate version compatibility

README.md, after:

# react-native-maps

React Native Map components for iOS + Android

## Installation

See [Installation Instructions](docs/installation.md).

## Compatibility

Due to the rapid changes being made in the React Native ecosystem, we are not officially going to 
support this module on anything but the latest version of React Native. With that said, we will do 
our best to stay compatible with older versions as much that is practical, and the peer dependency 
of this requirement is set to `"react-native": "*"` explicitly for this reason. If you are using 
an older version of React Native with this module though, some features may be buggy.

## General Usage

```js
import MapView from 'react-native-maps';
```
or

```js
var MapView = require('react-native-maps');
```

This MapView component is built so that features on the map (such as Markers, Polygons, etc.) are
specified as children of the MapView itself. This provides an intuitive and react-like API for
declaratively controlling features on the map.

### Rendering a Map with an initial region

```jsx
  <MapView 
    initialRegion={{
      latitude: 37.78825,
      longitude: -122.4324,
      latitudeDelta: 0.0922,
      longitudeDelta: 0.0421,
    }}
  />
```

### Using a MapView while controlling the region as state

```jsx
getInitialState() {
  return {
    latitude: 37.78825,
    longitude: -122.4324,
    latitudeDelta: 0.0922,
    longitudeDelta: 0.0421,
  };
}

onRegionChange(region) {
  this.setState({ region });
}

render() {
  return (
    <MapView 
      region={this.state.region}
      onRegionChange={this.onRegionChange}
    />
  );
}
```

### Rendering a list of markers on a map

```jsx
<MapView 
  region={this.state.region}
  onRegionChange={this.onRegionChange}
>
  {this.state.markers.map(marker => (
    <MapView.Marker 
      coordinate={marker.latlng}
      title={marker.title}
      description={marker.description}
    />
  ))}
</MapView>
```

### Rendering a Marker with a custom view

```jsx
<MapView.Marker coordinate={marker.latlng}>
  <MyCustomMarkerView {...marker} />
</MapView.Marker>
```

### Rendering a Marker with a custom image

```jsx
<MapView.Marker 
  coordinate={marker.latlng}
  image={require('../assets/pin.png')}
/>
```

### Rendering a custom Marker with a custom Callout

```jsx
<MapView.Marker coordinate={marker.latlng}>
  <MyCustomMarkerView {...marker} />
  <MapView.Callout>
    <MyCustomCalloutView {...marker} />
  </MapView.Callout>
</MapView.Marker>
```

### Draggable Markers

```jsx
<MapView initialRegion={...}>
  <MapView.Marker draggable
    coordinate={this.state.x}
    onDragEnd={(e) => this.setState({ x: e.nativeEvent.coordinate })}
  />
</MapView>
```


## Examples

### MapView Events

The `<MapView />` component and its child components have several events that you can subscribe to.
This example displays some of them in a log as a demonstration.

![](http://i.giphy.com/3o6UBpncYQASu2WTW8.gif) ![](http://i.giphy.com/xT77YdviLqtjaecRYA.gif)



### Tracking Region / Location

![](http://i.giphy.com/3o6UBoPSLlIKQ2dv7q.gif) ![](http://i.giphy.com/xT77XWjqECvdgjx9oA.gif)




### Programmatically Changing Region

One can change the mapview's position using refs and component methods, or by passing in an updated 
`region` prop.  The component methods will allow one to animate to a given position like the native 
API could.

![](http://i.giphy.com/3o6UB7poyB6YJ0KPWU.gif) ![](http://i.giphy.com/xT77Yc4wK3pzZusEbm.gif)



### Arbitrary React Views as Markers

![](http://i.giphy.com/3o6UBcsCLoLQtksJxe.gif) ![](http://i.giphy.com/3o6UB1qGEM9jYni3KM.gif)



### Using the MapView with the Animated API

The `<MapView />` component can be made to work with the Animated API, having the entire `region` prop
be declared as an animated value. This allows one to animate the zoom and position of the MapView along
with other gestures, giving a nice feel.

Further, Marker views can use the animated API to enhance the effect.

![](http://i.giphy.com/xT77XMw9IwS6QAv0nC.gif) ![](http://i.giphy.com/3o6UBdGQdM1GmVoIdq.gif)

Issue: Since android needs to render its marker views as a bitmap, the animations APIs may not be 
compatible with the Marker views. Not sure if this can be worked around yet or not.

Markers' coordinates can also be animated, as shown in this example:

![](http://i.giphy.com/xTcnTelp1OwGPu1Wh2.gif) ![](http://i.giphy.com/xTcnT6WVpwlCiQnFW8.gif)



### Polygon Creator

![](http://i.giphy.com/3o6UAZWqQBkOzs8HE4.gif) ![](http://i.giphy.com/xT77XVBRErNZl3zyWQ.gif)



### Other Overlays

So far, `<Circle />`, `<Polygon />`, and `<Polyline />` are available to pass in as children to the
`<MapView />` component.

![](http://i.giphy.com/xT77XZCH8JpEhzVcNG.gif) ![](http://i.giphy.com/xT77XZyA0aYeOX5jsA.gif)



### Default Markers

Default markers will be rendered unless a custom marker is specified. One can optionally adjust the
color of the default marker by using the `pinColor` prop.

![](http://i.giphy.com/xT77Y0pWKmUUnguHK0.gif) ![](http://i.giphy.com/3o6UBfk3I58VIwZjVe.gif)



### Custom Callouts

Callouts to markers can be completely arbitrary react views, similar to markers.  As a result, they 
can be interacted with like any other view.

Additionally, you can fall back to the standard behavior of just having a title/description through
the `<Marker />`'s `title` and `description` props.

Custom callout views can be the entire tooltip bubble, or just the content inside of the system
default bubble.

![](http://i.giphy.com/xT77XNePGnMIIDpbnq.gif) ![](http://i.giphy.com/xT77YdU0HXryvoRqaQ.gif)



### Image-based Markers

Markers can be customized by just using images, and specified using the `image` prop.

![](http://i.imgur.com/mzrOjTR.png)



### Draggable Markers

Markers are draggable, and emit continuous drag events to update other UI during drags.

![](http://i.giphy.com/l2JImnZxdv1WbpQfC.gif) ![](http://i.giphy.com/l2JIhv4Jx6Ugx1EGI.gif)


## Component API

[`<MapView />` Component API](docs/mapview.md)

[`<MapView.Marker />` Component API](docs/marker.md)

[`<MapView.Callout />` Component API](docs/callout.md)

[`<MapView.Polygon />` Component API](docs/polygon.md)

[`<MapView.Polyline />` Component API](docs/polyline.md)

[`<MapView.Circle />` Component API](docs/circle.md)



## Using with the Animated API

The API of this Map has been built with the intention of it being able to utilize the [Animated API](https://facebook.github.io/react-native/docs/animated.html).

In order to get this to work, you will need to modify the `AnimatedImplementation.js` file in the
source of react-native with [this one](https://gist.github.com/lelandrichardson/c0d938e02301f9294465).

Ideally this will be possible in the near future without this modification.

### Animated Region

The MapView can accept an `Animated.Region` value as its `region` prop. This allows you to utilize
the Animated API to control the map's center and zoom.

```jsx
getInitialState() {
  return {
    region: new Animated.Region({
      latitude: LATITUDE,
      longitude: LONGITUDE,
      latitudeDelta: LATITUDE_DELTA,
      longitudeDelta: LONGITUDE_DELTA,
    }),
  };
}

onRegionChange(region) {
  this.state.region.setValue(region);
}

render() {
  return (
    <MapView.Animated
      region={this.state.region}
      onRegionChange={this.onRegionChange}
    />
  );
}
```

### Animated Marker Position

Markers can also accept an `Animated.Region` value as a coordinate.

```jsx
getInitialState() {
  return {
    coordinate: new Animated.Region({
      latitude: LATITUDE,
      longitude: LONGITUDE,
    }),
  };
}

render() {
  return (
    <MapView initialRegion={...}>
      <MapView.Marker.Animated coordinate={this.state.coordinate} />
    </MapView>
  );
}
```
